Where was George Washington born?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff?
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor?
What debts did Qintex group leave?
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as: involuntary movements (tics), swearing, and incoherent vocalizations (grunts, shouts, etc.)?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow?
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations, known as "jellies".
Who was President Cleveland's wife?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966?
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten?
When was London's Docklands Light Railway constructed?
Who is the author of the book, "The Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher"?
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last?
Who was the first Taiwanese President?
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco, Texas in 1993?
Where is Inoco based?
Who was the first American in space?
When did the Jurassic Period end?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations?
When did Nixon visit China?
Who was the lead actress in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle"?
What is the name of the "female" counterpart to El Nino, which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place?
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth?
What are the Valdez Principles?
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989?
What is the largest city in Germany?
Where is the actress, Marion Davies, buried?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa?
In 1990, what day of the week did Christmas fall on?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea?


Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991?
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization (HUGO) that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide?
When did Lucelly Garcia, a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras, die?
Who is the mayor of Marbella?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council?
When was Dubai's first concrete house built?
Who is the president of Stanford University?
Who invented the road traffic cone?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver?
When did Nixon die?
Where is Microsoft's corporate headquarters located?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac?
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body?
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7, 1989?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space.
What is the longest river in the United States?
What does El Nino mean in spanish?
Who came up with the name, El Nino? 
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines' crash in Nagoya, Japan?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie, "The Godfather"? 
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich?
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree?
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play?
What is the tallest building in Japan?
Which country is Australia's largest export market?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S.?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany?
What is Grenada's main commodity export?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera?
Who is the founder of Scientology?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies?
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s?
Who first circumnavigated the globe?
Who wrote the song, "Stardust"?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska's north coast?
Where is the highest point in Japan?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced?
How many people live in the Falklands?
Who is the Voyager project manager?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994?
What language is most commonly used in Bombay?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S.?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world?
When was China's first nuclear test?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent, manned space station?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata?
Who is the President of Ghana?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose?
What is Head Start?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968?
What two researchers discovered the double-helix structure of DNA in 1953?
What percentage of the world's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests?
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union?
What was Agent Orange used for during the Vietnam War?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister-city with Los Angeles?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon?
How many times was pitcher, Warren Spahn, a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons?
When was Yemen reunified?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market?
What is the capital of Uruguay?
What is the name for the technique of growing certain plants in soils contaminated with toxic metals, wherein the plants take up the toxic metals, are harvested, and the metals recovered for recycling?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship, Lane Victory, which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City?
Who is the Queen of Holland?
Who is the president of the Spanish government?
What is the name of the normal process in all living things, including humans, in which cells are programmed to "commit suicide"?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, December 21, 1988?
What is the duration of the trip from Bristol to London by rail?
What is the population of Ulan Bator, capital of Mongolia?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia, built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US, produce?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president?
Who is the prime minister of Japan?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia?
Where did Dylan Thomas die?
How many people live in Tokyo?
What is the capital of California?
How many Grand Slam titles did Bjorn Borg win?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities?
Where is  Dartmouth College?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the north-east than in California?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille?
How rich is Bill Gates?
What is the capital of Kosovo?
What state does Charles Robb represent?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company?
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea?
When did communist control end in Hungary?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II?
Who was the captain of the tanker, Exxon Valdez, involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound, Alaska, 1989?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county?
Where is the Keck telescope?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
When did Jaco Pastorius die?
When did beethoven die?
How many people in Tucson?
How tall is Mt. Everest?
What is the capital of Congo?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is the capital of Sri Lanka?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner?
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera?
What was the name of the computer in "2001: A Space Odyssey"?
When was Queen Victoria born?
When was the battle of the Somme fought?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place?
Where was Lincoln assassinated?
When was the women's suffrage amendment ratified?
Where is Qatar?
Where is South Bend?
Where was Harry Truman born?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration?
Who was the 16th President of the United States?
Who wrote "The Pines of Rome"?
Who wrote "Dubliners"? 
Who wrote "Hamlet"?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics?
How did Socrates die?
How tall is the Matterhorn?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk?
Where is Belize located?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge?
What is the population of the Bahamas?
How far away is the moon?
What is Francis Scott Key best known for?
What state has the most Indians?
Who invented the paper clip?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod?
Where did bocci originate?
Who invented the electric guitar?
Name a flying mammal.
How many hexagons are on a soccer ball?
Who is the leader of India?
What is the primary language of the Philippines?
What is the habitat of the chickadee?
Who was Whitcomb Judson?
What is the population of Japan?
Who is the prime minister of Australia?
Who killed Martin Luther King?
Who is Anubis?
Where's Montenegro?
What does laser stand for?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea?
Where is the Danube? 
Where does dew come from?
What is platinum?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world?
When did the vesuvius last erupt?
Who was the president of Vichy France?
Who invented television?
Who made the first airplane?
Who made the first airplane that could fly?
How many astronauts have been on the moon?
Who is Coronado?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for?
Who is Barbara Jordan?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink?
What is a caldera?
What was the name of the famous battle in 1836 between Texas and Mexico?
Where did the ukulele originate?
Who invented baseball?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap?
What did Vasco da Gama discover?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg?
What is the largest snake in the world?
Where is the Valley of the Kings?
Where did the Maya people live?
How many people live in Chile?
When was the first flush toilet invented?
Who is William Wordsworth?
What is California's state bird?
Who thought of teaching people to tie their shoe laces?
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza?
What do penguins eat?
Where do lobsters like to live?
What are birds descendents of?
What does NAFTA stand for?
What company sells the most greeting cards?
What is the name of the longest ruling dynasty of Japan?
When was Babe Ruth born?
Who wrote the Farmer's Almanac?
What's the farthest planet from the sun?
Where was Pythagoras born?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain?
Who killed Caesar?
Who was Picasso?
Where is the Orinoco?
How tall is the giraffe?
Where are there aborigines?
Who was the first U.S. president ever to resign?
Who invented the game Scrabble?
About how many soldiers died in World War II?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have?
How large is Missouri's population?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo?
Who was Lacan?
What's the tallest building in New York City?
When did Geraldine Ferraro run for vice president?
What do ladybugs eat?
Where is Ayer's rock?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania?
Who is Desmond Tutu?
How fast can a Corvette go?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as?
When was Hurricane Hugo?
When did the Carolingian period begin? 
How big is Australia?
Who found Hawaii?
Who is the richest person in the world?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make?
What is the federal minimum wage?
What did brontosauruses eat?
What is California's state tree?
How many types of lemurs are there?
What is leukemia?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam?
Where is Tornado Alley?
What is molybdenum?
Where do hyenas live?
Who is Peter Weir?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime?
Who was Buffalo Bill?
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai?
How many Superbowls have the 49ers won?
Who was the architect of Central Park?
Who invented paper?
What is Alice Cooper's real name?
Why can't ostriches fly?
Name a tiger that is extinct?
Where is Guam?
Where did Bill Gates go to college?
How many continents are there?
Where is Romania located?
When was the De Beers company founded?
Who was the first king of England?
Who is the richest woman in the world?
What is California's capital?
What is the size of Argentina?
What do manatees eat?
When was the San Francisco fire?
What was the man's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr?
What is the population of Mexico?
When was the slinky invented?
How hot is the core of the earth?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars?
What is the name of the second space shuttle?
How old is the sun?
What is the wingspan of a condor?
When was Microsoft established?
What's the average salary of a professional baseball player?
Who invented basketball?
What was the ball game of ancient Mayans called?
Who is Zebulon Pike?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean?
What effect does a prism have on light?
What's the longest river in the world?
Who was considered to be the father of psychology?
What is the population of Kansas?
Who is Langston Hughes?
Who was Monet?
Who built the first pyramid?
What is the best-selling book of all time?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made?
Who is Charles Lindbergh?
Who invented the game bowling?
The numbering system we use today was introduced to the western world by what culture?
What is a nematode?
What is the most expensive car in the world?
Where does chocolate come from?
What state in the United States covers the largest area?
What is a meerkat?
Where is Melbourne?
How much in miles is a ten K run?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso?
What is the capital of Haiti?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1980s?
What is the population of Mozambique?	
Who won the Superbowl in 1982?
What is Martin Luther King Jr.'s real birthday?
Where is Trinidad?
Where did the Inuits live?
What is the most common cancer?
A corgi is a kind of what?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire?
Where is the Kalahari desert?
What is porphyria?
What ocean did the Titanic sink in?
Who was the 33rd president of the United States?
At what speed does the Earth revolve around the sun?
Who is the emperor of Japan?
How big is our galaxy in diameter?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil?
Who assassinated President McKinley?
When did Muhammad live?
What is the largest variety of cactus?
Who invented the radio?
Where are zebras most likely found?
What is anorexia nervosa?
What year did Montana become a state? 
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus?
Who was the 21st U.S. President?
Where was John Adams born?
Who painted Olympia?
Who was Quetzalcoatl?
Where is your corpus callosum?
What is the longest word in the English language?
What is saltpeter?
Who invented silly putty?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built?
When is Boxing Day?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S.?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet?
Who was Maria Theresa?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines?
What is the tallest mountain?
What is Black Hills, South Dakota most famous for?
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh?
What's another name for aspartame?
What does hazmat stand for?
What tourist attractions are there in Reims?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted.
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble?
What's the formal name for Lou Gehrig's disease?
What does CNN stand for?
When was CNN's first broadcast?
Who owns CNN?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper?
Who was Jane Goodall?
What is pandoro?
What is thalassemia?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married?
What soft drink contains the largest amount of caffeine?
What do you call a group of geese?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last?
What format was VHS's main competition?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch?
Where is Logan International located?
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of?
Where is Basque country located?
What does CPR stand for?
What state produces the best lobster to eat?
Who was Darth Vader's son?
What is a nanometer?
How did Bob Marley die?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing?
What is Dick Clark's birthday?
What is titanium?
What is "Nine Inch Nails"?
Where was Poe born?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What's the name of Pittsburgh's baseball team?
What is the chemical formula/name for napalm?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer?
What is anise?
Where is Rider College located?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living?
What does caliente mean (in English)?
Where is McCarren Airport?
Who created "The Muppets"?
When is Bastille Day?
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
What is Colin Powell best known for?
What is the busiest air travel season?
Where is Webster University?
What's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach?
When was John D. Rockefeller born?
Name a Gaelic language.
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called "The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage"?
What is measured in curies?
What is a stratocaster?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college?
Where is Glasgow?
Who was Samuel Johnsons's friend and biographer?
What is tyvek?
Who coined the term "cyberspace" in his novel "Neuromancer"?
Who is the president of Bolivia?
What year did Hitler die?
When did the American Civil War end?
Who created the character of Scrooge?
Who first broke the sound barrier?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
What are the birth dates for scorpios?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County, California?
What is the zip code for Fremont, CA?
Who shot Billy the Kid?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom?
What is sake?
What is the name of the Lion King's son in the movie, "The Lion King"?
Where is Amsterdam?
How many states have a "lemon law" for new automobiles?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger?
What continent is Bolivia on?
What are the Poconos?
Where did guinea pigs originate?
Where did Woodstock take place?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox?
What is Betsy Ross famous for?
Who wrote the book, "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas"?
When did Aldous Huxley write, "Brave New World"?
Who wrote the book, "Song of Solomon"?
Who portrayed Jake in the television show, "Jake and the Fatman"?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show, "Jake and the Fatman"?
Where is Venezuela?
What city in Florida is Sea World in?
What is the population of Ohio?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in?
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres?
Who is the founder of the Wal-Mart stores?
What city is Massachusetts General Hospital located in?
Who reports the weather on the "Good Morning America" television show?
When did the California lottery begin?
Where is Los Vegas?
When was Beethoven born?
What's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal?
Where is Tufts University?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place?
What cereal goes "snap, crackle, pop"?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment?
Who is Henry Butler?
What province is Edmonton located in?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought?
What is the zip code for Parsippany, NJ?
When was the first Barbie produced?
What was the distinguishing mark on the "Little Rascals" dog?
What does EKG stand for?
What is Chiricahua the name of?
Where did Wicca first develop?
Name a symptom of mononucleosis.
Where are diamonds mined?
When was the NFL established?
What are geckos?
Who is Terrence Malick?
What other name were the "Little Rascals" known as?
What was the name of the "Little Rascals" dog?
What breed of dog was the "Little Rascals" dog?
Who won the rugby world cup in 1987?
Where is Windsor Castle?
Who portrayed "Rosanne Rosanna-Dana" on the television show "Saturday Night Live"?
What is the population of the United States?
What animal do buffalo wings come from?
When was the bar-code invented?
What is witch hazel?
What's the abbreviation for limited partnership?
What was the purpose of the Manhattan project?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S.?
Name a civil war battlefield.
What are pomegranates?
Who wrote the song, "Silent Night"?
Who portrayed "the man without a face" in the movie of the same name?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed?
What's the most famous tourist attraction in Rome?
At Christmas time, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching?
What caused the Lynmouth floods?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the "American Girl" doll collection?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S.?
What was the name of the Titanic's captain?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan?
What is Giorgio Vasari famous for?
Who created the character James Bond?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for?
Name an American made motorcycle.
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for?
Name a movie that the actress, Sandra Bullock, had a role in.
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum?
What is TCI?
What state does MO stand for?
Name a female figure skater.
What state is the Filenes store located in?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray?
How long would it take for a $50 savings bond to mature?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career?
How many states have a lottery?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers?
What is the name of Joan Jett's band?
Can you give me the name of a clock maker in London, England?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza?
What is the real name of the singer, Madonna?
Where did yoga originate?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for?
What's the name of the song Will Smith sings about parents?
What does NASA stand for?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin?
When did World War I start?
What state is Niagra Falls located in?
What's the name of the actress who starred in the movie, "Silence of the Lambs"?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive?
When was the movie, Caligula, made?
Name an American war plane?
Where is Burma?
How many highway miles to the gallon can you get with the Ford Fiesta?
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck.
Who wrote the song, "Boys of Summer"?
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University?
What is typhoid fever?
When did the neanderthal man live?
Who manufactures the software, "PhotoShop"?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City, NJ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in?
Who was the first woman in space?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for?
What is D.B. Cooper known for?
When was Nostradamus born?
When was "the Great Depression"?
What is Archimedes famous for?
What is the medical condition of hypertension?
Who created the comic strip, "Garfield"?
Where is the Isle of Man?
Who wrote the book, "Huckleberry Finn"?
What day is known as the "national day of prayer"?
What is the purpose of a car bra?
What are chloroplasts?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky?
Who wrote "The Scarlet Letter"?
Name an art gallery in New York.
What type of hunting are retrievers used for?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur?
What does SIDS stand for?
What's the name of the star of the cooking show, "Galloping Gourmet"?
What city is 94.5 KDGE Radio located in?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency?
How tall is kilamanjaro?
Who won the nobel prize in literature in 1988?
What's the name of the Tampa newspaper?
How long do hermit crabs live?
What is Dr. Ruth's last name?
What is cribbage?
Italy is the largest producer of what?
What wrestling star became "The Incredible Hulk"?
Who wrote "The Pit and the Pendulum"?
Who manufacturers Magic Chef applicances?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult?
Who's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band?
Who wrote "An Ideal Husband"?
What is ouzo?
When did the Dow first reach 2000?
Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife?
How many miles is it from London, England to Plymouth, England?
Who is Secretary-General of the United Nations?
Who played the teacher in Dead Poet's Society?
How many counties are in Indiana?
What actress starred in "The Lion in Winter"?
Where was Tesla born?
What's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting?
Where is Kings Canyon?
Where is the Mayo Clinic?
How big is the Electoral College?
How much does one ton of cement cost?
Where does Mother Angelica live?
How many people watch network television?
What is the name of a Greek god?
What year was the first automobile manufactured?
What's the population of Mississippi?
What was the name of Jacques Cousteau's ship?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau's two sons?
What is Java?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world?
What does Knight Ridder publish?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform?
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded?
What's the population of Biloxi, Mississippi?
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for?
What was the name of the television show, staring Karl Malden, that had San Francisco in the title?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band?
What did Delilah do to Samson's hair?
What's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange?
What actor first portrayed James Bond?
What type of horses appear on the Budweiser commercials?
What do river otters eat?
When did the art of quilting begin?
When did Amtrak begin operations?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located?
What year did the Vietnam War end?
What country are Godiva chocolates from?
How many islands does Fiji have?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments?
Who manufactures synthroid?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize?
What city did the Flintstones live in?
Who was the oldest U.S. president?
Who was the tallest U.S. president?
Where is Santa Lucia?
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington, D.C.?
Where is Ocho Rios?
What year was Janet Jackson's first album released?
What is another name for nearsightedness?
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal?  
What species was Winnie the Pooh?
Winnie the Pooh is an imitation of which animal?
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh?
Aspartame is also known as what?
What is a synonym for aspartame?
Aspartame is known by what other name?
Aspartame is also called what?
Hazmat stands for what?
What is the definition of hazmat?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims?
What do most tourists visit in Reims?
What attracts tourists to Reims?
What are tourist attractions in Reims?
What could I see in Reims?
What is worth seeing in Reims?
What can one see in Reims?
Jude Law was in what movie?
Jude Law acted in which film?
What is a film starring Jude Law?
What film was Jude Law in?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S.?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices?
Procter & Gamble is headquartered in which U.S. city?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S.?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk.
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space?
Who was the first Russian to do a spacewalk?
CNN is the abbreviation for what?
CNN is an acronym for what?
What was the date of CNN's first broadcast?
CNN began broadcasting in what year?
CNN's first broadcast occurred on what date?
When did CNN begin broadcasting?
When did CNN go on the air?
Who is the owner of CNN?
CNN is owned by whom?
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper.
What is Jane Goodall famous for?
What is Jane Goodall known for?
Why is Jane Goodall famous?
What made Jane Goodall famous?
Define thalassemia.
What is the meaning of thalassemia?
How is thalassemia defined?
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink?
To get the most caffeine, what soda should I drink?
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine?
What is the collective term for geese?
What is the collective noun for geese?
What is the term for a group of geese?
What is the name given to a group of geese?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies?
How long is human gestation?
What is the gestation period for humans?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months?
What was the alternate to VHS?
What video format was an alternative to VHS?
What format was the major competition of VHS?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch?
Who developed potlatch?
Where is Logan Airport?
What city is Logan Airport in?
Logan International serves what city?
Logan International is located in what city?
What city's airport is named Logan International?
What city is served by Logan International Airport?
Woodrow Wilson was president of which university?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president.
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university?
What does the acronym CPR mean?
What do the initials CPR stand for?
CPR is the abbreviation for what?
What is the meaning of "CPR"?
What was the name of Darth Vader's son?
What was Darth Vader's son named?
What caused the death of Bob Marley?
What killed Bob Marley?
What was the cause of Bob Marley's death?
What instrument does Ray Charles play?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument?
Ray Charles plays which instrument?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument?
When was Dick Clark born?
When is Dick Clark's birthday?
What is Dick Clark's date of birth?
What was Poe's birthplace?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe?
Where is Poe's birthplace?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta?
Which king signed the Magna Carta?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What king signed the Magna Carta?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta?
Where is one's corpus callosum found?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body?
What English word has the most letters?
What English word contains the most letters?
What is the longest English word?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty?
Silly putty was invented by whom?
Who was the inventor of silly putty?
When was Berlin's Brandenburg gate erected?
What is the date of Boxing Day?
What date is Boxing Day?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date?
What city does McCarren Airport serve?
What city is served by McCarren Airport?
McCarren Airport is located in what city?
What is the location of McCarren Airport?
Where is McCarren Airport located?
Who invented "The Muppets"?
What was the name of "The Muppets" creator?
"The Muppets" was created by whom?
Name the creator of "The Muppets".
Who is the creator of "The Muppets"?
What is the date of Bastille Day?
Bastille Day occurs on which date?
What is the equivalent of the Red Cross in the Middle East?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross.
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross?
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross?
Colin Powell is most famous for what?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement?
Who is Colin Powell?
Colin Powell is famous for what?
What time of year do most people fly?
What time of year has the most air travel?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest?
At what time of year is air travel at a peak?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach.
What is Pittsburg's baseball team called?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what?
Name Pittsburgh's baseball team.
What city is the Orange Bowl in?
The Orange Bowl is in what city?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city?
Where is the Orange Bowl?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption?
How do you abbreviate "Original Equipment Manufacturer"?
How is "Original Equipment Manufacturer" abbreviated?
Where can one find Rider College?
What is the location of Rider College?
Rider College is located in what city?
Where is Rider College?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage?
What is Nicholas Cage's profession?
What is Nicholas Cage's occupation?
What does caliente translate to in English?
What is the English meaning of caliente?
What is the meaning of caliente (in English)?
What is the English translation for the word "caliente"?
What is the Jewish alphabet called?
The Jewish alphabet is called what?
The Jewish alphabet is known as what?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock?
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city?
What is a nickname for Mississippi?
Mississippi is nicknamed what?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi?
What is the nickname of the state of Mississippi?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company?
Who made the rotary engine automobile?
Rotary engine cars were made by what company?
Rotary engines used to be made by whom?
What company produced rotary engine vehicles?
What is the world's highest peak?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
Name the highest mountain.
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world?
What makes Black Hills, South Dakota a tourist attraction?
What are the Black Hills known for?
